feat: allow to the endpoint url to boto3 (#5729)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/concepts/storage.md

To see the IDs of available storage configurations, use the `prefect storage ls` command.

`prefect storage reset-default` resets the default storage option to temporary local storage.

> ### S3 compatible storage
> When need there is the option to use a S3 compatible storage like minio or Scaleway.
> To get this working you would need to provide the endpoint url when creating the storage via the CLI.
> Usually the endpoint url looks something like this ```https://bucketname.s3.nl-ams.scw.cloud```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### S3 Endpoint URL
When using an S3 compatible storage solution, like minio or Scaleway, or a VPC endpoint for S3, specify the endpoint URL when setting up storage via the CLI. An endpoint URL is not necessary when using AWS S3 directly.
```
